gh-123786: Clarify ``else`` clause in loop statements (#123787)
python/cpython: Doc/tutorial/controlflow.rst

The :keyword:`break` statement breaks out of the innermost enclosing
:keyword:`for` or :keyword:`while` loop.

The :keyword:`!break` statement may be paired with an :keyword:`!else` clause.

> If the loop exits without executing the break, the else clause executes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the loop finishes without executing the break, the else clause executes.
```

In a :keyword:`for` loop, the :keyword:`!else` clause is executed

> after the loop reaches its final iteration if no break occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the loop finishes its final iteration, that is, if no break occurred.
```
I think this is clearer.

after the loop reaches its final iteration.
after the loop reaches its final iteration if no break occurred.

In a :keyword:`while` loop, it's executed after the loop's condition becomes false.

In either kind of loop, the :keyword:`!else` clause is **not** executed

> if the loop was terminated by a :keyword:`break`.

Reviewer: We should keep this sentence.  It underscores the semantics.
